FABCE-145 update README for 0.4.0 release (#22)
hyperledger/fabric-chaincode-evm: release_notes/v0.4.0.md

v0.4.0 Release Notes - December 20, 2019
========================================

EVM CC
------

> EVMCC is now golang module enabled, but still has a vendor directory to provide support for Fabric v1.4.

Reviewer: Link the jira associated with the change.

Fab3
----

> Fab3 is now golang module enabled.

Reviewer: Link the jira associated with the change

v0.4.0 Release Notes - December 20, 2019
========================================

EVM CC
------
 - [FAB-16918](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-16918) EVMCC is now golang module enabled, but still has a vendor directory to provide support for Fabric v1.4.

Fab3
----
 - [FAB-17053](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-17053) Fab3 is now golang
   module enabled.
 - [FAB-14067](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-14067) NewFilter &
   UninstallFilter are added as part of enabling asynchronous
   filtering. Asynchronous filters are not available for use in this release.

>  - [FAB-16620](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-16620) Ethereum event

Reviewer: you can mention this as a bugfix as well

v0.4.0 Release Notes - December 20, 2019
========================================

EVM CC
------
 - [FAB-16918](https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-16918) EVMCC directory

>    was restructured to allow building and packaging of the chaincode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   was restructured to make building and packaging of the chaincode easier.
```
